Documentation Standard Updates (#24)
fivetran/dbt_greenhouse: README.md

- Enables you to understand trends in sourcing, recruiting, interviewing, and hiring at your company. It also provides recruiting stakeholders with information about individual applications, interviews, scorecards, and jobs. It achieves this by:
    - Enriching the core `APPLICATION`, `INTERVIEW`, and `JOB` tables with relevant pipeline data and metrics
    - Integrating the `INTERVIEW` table with interviewer information and feedback at both the overall scorecard and individual standard levels
    - Calculating the velocity and activity of applications through each pipeline stage, along with major job- and candidate-related attributes for segmented funnel analysis

<!--section="greenhouse_transformation_model-->
- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your source and modeled Greenhouse data through the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_greenhouse/#!/overview).

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_greenhouse/#!/overview?g_v=1).
> 
> | **Model**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |

Author: ```suggestion
The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_greenhouse/#!/overview?g_v=1).

| **Table**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |
```
